where you know you can spend your own
money on yourself and when you spend
your own money on yourself you're very
careful of what you spend it on and you
make sure that you get the most for your
daughter if you can spend your own money
on somebody else you give gifts to other
people you take people out to dinner and
when you spend your own money on
somebody else you're very careful that
you don't spend too much you try to keep
down the amount to spend but you don't
worry very much about what the other
fellow is getting from you don't pay
anything like as much attention to the
gifts you bar for other people as to the
things you buy for yourself or you can
spend somebody else's money as when
you're spending the government's money I
say the government's money the taxpayers
money which the government has
controllable
now you're spending somebody else's
money let's say you're spending your
boss's money you're out to lunch on a
expense account but you're spending it
on yourself you're very careful that you
get good we do good things for your
money you try to have a good lunch and
pick the right things but you're not
very much worried about whether you get
the cheapest spend all your he'll
be cared now what happens when you spend
somebody else's money on somebody else
you're a your distributor of welfare
funds no you're interested in making
your own life as good as you can and
most people have humane instincts and
want to do the best we can but you're
not going to be anything like it's
careful in spending somebody else's
money on somebody else so there are four
ways in which you can spend money and we
have in our book free to choose out of
the box which shows us on one side of
that box is your money somebody else's
money on the other side of that bar top
part of that box of two climbs on
yourself or on somebody else and that
corner box where you spend money on
yourself is when you really get your
money's worth and rest the worst of all
is the right-hand box
when you spend somebody else's money on
somebody else
that explains the school that explains
the school today in the kit you're right
all puppet so-called public schools
government schools people are spending
somebody else's money on somebody else
the teacher isn't spending his own money
on children he's spending the taxpayers
money on the children and that goes
throughout the system absolutely